Technical Steering Committee Charter,  GOVERNANCE,  etc. (#1057)
PixarAnimationStudios/OpenTimelineIO: CONTRIBUTING.md

```bash
cd OpenTimelineIO
git remote add upstream https://github.com/PixarAnimationStudios/OpenTimelineIO.git
```

Now you fetch the latest changes from Pixar's OpenTimelineIO repo like this:

```bash
git fetch upstream
git merge upstream/master
```

All the development should happen against the `master` branch.  We recommend you create a new branch for each feature or fix that you'd like to make and give it a descriptive name so that you can remember it later.  You can checkout a new branch and create it simultaneously like this:

```bash
git checkout -b mybugfix upstream/master
```

Now you can work in your branch locally.

Once you are happy with your change, you can verify that the change didn't cause tests failures by running tests like this:

```bash
make test
make lint
```

If all the tests pass and you'd like to send your change in for consideration, push it to your remote repo:

```bash
git push origin mybugfix
```

Now your remote branch will have your `mybugfix` branch, which you can now pull request (to OpenTimelineIO's `master` branch) using the github UI.

> Please make sure that your pull requests are clean.  Use the rebase and squash git facilities as needed to ensure that the pull request is as clean as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure that your pull requests are clean. In other words, address only the issue at hand. Split minor corrections, formatting clean ups, and the like into other PRs. Ensure that new work has coverage in a test. Ensure that any resultant behavioral changes in other parts of the library are called out. Use the rebase and squash git facilities as needed to ensure that the pull request does not contain non-informative remnants of old or superseded work.
```
